Add new section to whatsnew2020.md (#4500)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/whatsnew2020.md

We would appreciate your feedback on this new approach. Have you noticed any performance improvements while using it?
Let us know by adding a comment in [YouTrack](https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issue/KT-61861/Gradle-Kotlin-compilations-depend-on-packed-artifacts).

### Aligned dependency behavior of Kotlin Gradle plugin with java-test-fixtures plugin

Prior to Kotlin 2.0.20, if you used the [`java-test-fixtures` plugin](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/java_testing.html#sec:java_test_fixtures)
in your project, there was a difference between Gradle and the Kotlin Gradle plugin in how dependencies were propagated. 

The Kotlin Gradle plugin propagated dependencies:

> * From the `java-test-fixtures` plugin's `implementation` and `api` configurations to the `test` sources compilation classpath.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* From the `java-test-fixtures` plugin's `implementation` and `api` configurations to the `test` source set compilation classpath.
```

Reviewer: Here and below, in our documentation, we generally refer to such dependency types as `implementation` and `api` as "scopes", not "configurations"

Reviewer 2: Here we refer them just as "dependency types": https://kotlinlang.org/docs/gradle-configure-project.html#dependency-types

Gradle calls them configurations: https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/dependency_configurations.html#sec:what-are-dependency-configurations

* From the main source set's `implementation` and `api` configurations to the `java-test-fixtures` plugin's source set compilation classpath. 

However, Gradle only propagated dependencies in the `api` configurations.

This difference in behavior led to some projects finding resource files multiple times in the classpath. 

As of Kotlin 2.0.20, the Kotlin Gradle plugin's behavior is aligned with Gradle's `java-test-fixtures` plugin so this 
problem no longer occurs for this or other Gradle plugins.

As a result of this change, some dependencies in the `test` and `testFixtures` source sets may no longer be accessible.

> If this happens, either change the dependency declaration type from `implementation` to `api` or add a new dependency 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this happens, either change the dependency type from `implementation` to `api` or add a new dependency 
```

Reviewer: Since we're talking about changing the dependency type here, maybe we shouldn't use "source sets", but refer directly to "scopes" too

and even use general `test*` and `testFixtures*` here, since they could have different types, like `testImplementation`, `testFixtureApi`, and so on

Reviewer 2: > Since we're talking about changing the dependency type here, maybe we shouldn't use "source sets", but refer directly to "scopes" too

Those scopes are assigned to some source sets anyway. 

> and even use general test* and testFixtures* here, since they could have different types, like testImplementation, testFixtureApi, and so on

But what would we achieve with such patterns?
I either see the current option or some explicit mapping like `implementation -> api`, `testFixturesImplementation -> testApi` (or a suggestion to declare the dependencies directly in `testFixturesImplementation`/`testImplementation`)

Author: To keep it simple, I'll leave it as-is.
